Add Fleet Server docs (#585)
elastic/observability-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/fleet/fleet-server.asciidoc

[[fleet-server]]
= {fleet-server}

beta[]

> {fleet-server} is a component used to centrally manage {agent}s. It serves as a

Reviewer: We should probably make it clear here that fleet-server is part of Elastic Agent. In the end, it is just an input.

control plane for updating agent policies, collecting status information, and
coordinating actions across agents.

//QUESTION: I think it's worth breaking down in detail how data flows between
// the agent, Fleet Server, Fleet, and the stack, but I might have some details
// wrong here. Is this correct?

{fleet-server} is the mechanism that connects {agent}s to {fleet} and handles
all communication between an {agent}, {fleet}, {es}, and {kib}. {fleet-server}:

* Receives status information from connected {agent}s

> * Retrieves agent policies from {fleet} and stores them in {es}

Reviewer: Fleet (Kibana) only talks to Elasticsearch, Fleet Server only talks to Elasticsearch. There is no connection between Fleet and Fleet-server directly. ES is the communication layer.

* Ships agent policies to all connected {agent}s

> * Handles communication with {es} and {kib}

Reviewer: See above, no kib

> 

Reviewer 2: about items 2 and 4... I'm unsure on the wording here - I think for 2:
 it isn't quite accurate, FS doesn't do the storing in ES.

for point 4 - FS doesn't handle 'all communication with Kibana' - FS doesn't actually communicate with Kibana at all.  FS pulls policy info from ES and pushes it to Agents deployed to it.

Author: Good points. There were some (possibly outdated) "specs" that suggested Fleet Server did more.  @ruflin Can you provide a breakdown of the communication between Fleet Server and other parts of the stack?

Reviewer: Added some notes above. This might also help:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/244900/116592073-dc4c4b80-a91f-11eb-92d3-8847672d0aa6.png)

Author: Cool. This doesn't look at all the diagram in the design docs. :-)

image:images/fleet-server-communication.png[Fleet Server handles communication between {agent}, {fleet}, {es}, and {kib}]

> {fleet-server} runs as a separate service alongside {agent}. The agent uses a

Reviewer: to be correct, it is a sub process inside the Elastic Agent.

Nit for `agent`, we should probably always use Elastic Agent to not confuse it with apm agents.

> special policy that governs how {fleet-server} connects to other systems and

Reviewer: other systems? The fleet-server integration policy describes the config options of the fleet-server itself.

Author: Sometimes we write fiction to get your attention. :-)

> manages agent requests. The agent typically runs as a dedicated {fleet-server},

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
manages agent requests. In large scale self-managed deployments or on {ess-product}[hosted {ess}] on {ecloud}, {fleet-server} is typically run as a dedicated {agent} communication host,
```

Author: I feel like we are adding new/extra terminology by saying "Elastic Agent communication host" but I'm going to merge this commit and we can revise further.

but you can optionally use it for data collection on self-managed clusters. For
more details, refer to <<fleet-server-deployment>>.

[discrete]
[[fleet-server-compatibility]]
== Compatibility

{fleet-server} is compatible with the following Elastic products:

* {stack} 7.13 or later (our {ess-product}[hosted {ess}] on {ecloud} or
a self-managed cluster)

> * {ece} 2.10 or later

Reviewer 2: is this right?  I don't even know which ECE version will map to the coming 7.13 release... but anything already shipped of ES won't work with FS

Author: It was in one of the issues or specs. @ruflin What version do we need here?

Reviewer: @zanbel I'm lost on exact ECE versions ^

@dedemorton For later, we should also not here the compatibility: See https://github.com/elastic/fleet-server#compatbility-and-upgrades

Author: I've added a note to document compatibility when we work on the upgrade docs: https://github.com/elastic/obs-dc-team/issues/504

{fleet-server} is supported on x64 architectures only.

[discrete]
[[add-fleet-server]]
== Add a {fleet-server}

Before using {fleet} for central management, {fleet-server} must be running. The
steps for running {fleet-server} on our {ess-product}[hosted {ess}] on {ecloud}
are different from the steps for running it on a self-managed cluster.

//TODO: Collapse this content into a tabbed widget after the steps are working.

include::{tab-widgets}/add-fleet-server/widget.asciidoc[]

Now you're ready to add {agent}s to your host systems. To learn how, see
<<add-agent-to-fleet>>.

> //QUESTION: I think we probably want users to run Fleet Server as a

Reviewer: By default we should encourage install but also tell them "somehwere" is an other option.

Author: Added inline as a TODO comment.

//service always, but do we want to document the scenario where users simply

> //enroll the Fleet Server rather than installing it?

Reviewer 2: I think if we can make time, it can be doc'ed as a debugging step for isolating where problems may be occurring in self-managed usage.  For instance, a user can run the 'install' with a simpler set of commands, and if it works - then the 'enrollment' can be used and better logging may be given, allowing the true problem to surface, using the 'divide and conquer' method.

Author: As a first pass, I think we should get the basic (happy path) instructions merged and then iterate on other ways to install/enroll agents.

[discrete]
[[fleet-server-deployment]]
== Scale your {fleet-server} deployment

coming[a future update]

> //TODO: Describe how to scale Fleet Server by adding more Fleet Servers. Also

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
//TODO: Describe how to scale up the number of {agent}s that can be managed in {fleet} by deploying more Fleet Servers. Also
```
